---
title: August 2022
tags:
  - Vibe Check
date: '2022-08-24T05:35:07.322Z'
---

I'm playing around with this idea of starting a monthly series of quick check ins. I do a lot of writing personally, but not enough to get a quick glance at what's going on. So let's see how this goes! I think it will be fun to look back on these momentary snapshots in time.

# Austin & 5 Years with M!

Miranda and I went back to the ol' stomping grounds last weekend. Lots of food was had, many catching up sessions enjoyed. We were both on break after her 2nd tri at chiro school, so it was great to get out a bit.

We also celebrated 5 years!! WHICH IS CRAZY! We've both lived a lot of life together, it honestly feels like it should be longer. But they've been absolutely wonderful, I couldn't be happier sharing the journey with her. :)

# Starting Piano Lessons

This has been going since July, but I haven't mentioned that I've started taking Piano lessons! I LOVE it! 

I realized at some point that a sizable hunk of my favorite musicians were pianists, so I wanted to at least extend my chops beyond undergrad piano class. 

For anyone that's curious, it's true: You REALLY get to do the fun stuff on piano right after you've done all the scales and exercises from those courses. I've really impressed myself with some gestures that came so naturally just from those foundations.

# Development

Can't share too much just yet, but there's a big ol' project that's coming to a close!

# Music

[Tek Serve](https://letsgochris.bandcamp.com/album/tek-serve) was really fun to make. Midi holds a special place in my ear. They were the sounds I grew up with to a large degree. I think it's a palette I'll keep coming back to.